you
so I'm going to teach you how to make a
classic Neapolitan pizza margherita of a
Neapolitan do
no sugar no oil in this dough recipe
we're going to hand stretch this
so about 12 inches
we're going to use a Sun horizontal
tomato
and these are certified San marzanos dlp
from the Campania region of Italy now I
have a fresh Motorola grande this is a
four ounce silver Laney
I'm going to pinch this off
I'm going to grab some sea salt we're
going to go around in a circular motion
like that pick off some basil
now the Basil's going to go on before
usually when you make a pizza you put
the basil on afterwards but when we go
into a 900 degree oven for about 90
seconds that's really traditionally what
a Neapolitan pizza would be like
we have our olive oil we're going to go
ahead start in the middle go on a
circular motion like that finish it now
grab our peel fix our pizza on our peel
and we'll go ahead and launch that into
the oven
now this should cook in about 90 seconds
the floor of about 850 closest to the
fire is about 900 the dome is a thousand
degrees you can see my bottom is firing
pretty well it's pretty much almost
complete
and we're pretty much good I'm going to
pull this up you guys can see how that's
bubbling that was about 90 seconds I
really wanted to dome it I could dome it
but it's so hot that pizzas coming out
citizen
you